Welcome back.
We're now getting to the exciting step of creating a model how can we do this while We've split our
data now.
And luckily for us psychic learn comes a prebuilt with some tools for us to use to actually build this
model.
So what we can do is actually import from psychic could learn different types of algorithms that we
can use to create our model.
In our case we're gonna use the k Nabors classifier but just to show you if I go to cycle learn models
or model selection
you see that we have eight on of different types of things that we can do.
We're going to use the nearest neighbors which is a very standard easy to use algorithm and I'll link
to some resources so you can learn more about it.
And specifically do the nearest neighbor classification which is going to do exactly this.
It's going to try and divide up the data into different segments.
But as you can see here we have so many models to pick from or so many algorithms to pick from.
And one of the jobs of a machine learning engineer is to actually figure out which algorithm to use.
But again this isn't a full machine learning course.
So let's just use the neighbors module and from there import the K neighbors classifier hopefully idea
I spelled out right now the way the K nearest neighbor classifier works is we can just use it as a function
and all we have to give it is how many neighbors we want.
That is how many classifications do we want in our case we know that there's three types of Iris flowers.
So all I'm going to do is give it the parameter and neighbors of equal to three and then finally we're
going to try and fit this data and use this algorithm by giving it the train dataset and the why train
output so that if I run this well nothing comes out of it.
Hopefully we've created our model but there's no way for us to test it.
Right if we go back to our steps we need to check the output rate.
We've created the model.
Yes it's as simple as what we just did but we now need to check to see how good our model is.
How good is our function.
Well we can use the predict now to predict and try out our test so we can use the x test dataset and
give it to the Y underscore predict variable which will be our predictions.
So what the model predicts based on this new input x test data.
Now the cool thing that we can do now is to actually compare the output of Y predictions that our model
created with the actual answers.
Because remember we created four different datasets right.
We created the train data sets for x and y and also the test data sets.
So for the X test we gave our new model the test data which we have the answers to and the model predicted.
So this function was run to try and predict what type of flower might be based on.
Remember the columns that we gave in and now we have our predictions.
So we need to compare the predictions with the Y test variable and again so I could learn to the rescue
has a nice tool for us to do that all we need to do is from psychic learn import metrics and we can
now print the actual accuracy of our model and all we do is say metrics dot accuracy make sure I spelled
out rate accuracy score and the function takes the Y test data which is the correct answers and the
Y on the score predict which is the predictions that our model made.
So if I run this I get an error because I haven't run the block with the Y predict variable being created.
So let's do that and then run this and there we go.
That's our accuracy metrics dot accuracy score tells us that it's ninety six percent correct.
That's pretty amazing.
Our model which we just created in honestly three lines of code is ninety six percent accurate.
How cool is that so if we go over what we just did we imported the data we split the data into training
and test set.
We created a model by using the K nearest classifier and cycled learn we checked the output using the
y prediction and why test variables and now we got the output.
So now we can improve if we want our machine learning algorithm.
So let's do that in the next video.